_sidebar.md, before:

- Ruby
  - [All about I/O](docs/ruby/io.md)

- Bash
  - [Cheatsheet](docs/bash/cheatsheet.md)

- Linux
  - [Overview of OS](docs/linux/overview-of-os.md)
  - [Command Line](docs/linux/command-line.md)
  - [Containers](docs/linux/containers.md)
  - [Networking Tools](docs/linux/networking.md)

- SQL

  - [SELECT](docs/sql/select.md)

- Performance
  - [Rails: Profiling and Benchmarking](docs/performance/rails.md)
  - [Frontend](docs/performance/frontend.md)

- Multitenancy

  - [Move data from separate DB into Schema](docs/multitenancy/db-to-schema-move.md)
  - [Apartment gem and streaming downloads](docs/multitenancy/apartment-and-streaming.md)

- Book summaries

  - [High Performance Browser Networking](docs/books/high-performance-browser-networking.md)
  - [How Linux Works](docs/books/how-linux-works.md)
  - [Rails Performance Apocrypha](docs/books/rails-performance-apocrypha.md)

- Coursera

  - [Understanding Financial Markets](docs/coursera/understanding-financial-markets.md)

- Stuff from casts

  - [System Design](docs/cast_notes/system_design.md)
  - [SEO](docs/cast_notes/seo.md)

Commit message:

What is and how to?

_sidebar.md, after:

- Ruby
  - [All about I/O](docs/ruby/io.md)

- Bash
  - [Cheatsheet](docs/bash/cheatsheet.md)

- Linux
  - [Overview of OS](docs/linux/overview-of-os.md)
  - [Command Line](docs/linux/command-line.md)
  - [Containers](docs/linux/containers.md)
  - [Networking Tools](docs/linux/networking.md)

- SQL

  - [SELECT](docs/sql/select.md)

- What is and how to setup?

  - [Reverse Proxy](docs/what_is_and_how_to/reverse_proxy.md)
  - [Forward Proxy](docs/what_is_and_how_to/forward_proxy.md)
  - [Caching Server](docs/what_is_and_how_to/caching_server.md)
  - [Load Balancer](docs/what_is_and_how_to/load_balancer.md)
  - [Firewall](docs/what_is_and_how_to/firewall.md)
  - [NGNIX web server](docs/what_is_and_how_to/ngnix_web_server.md)

- Performance
  - [Rails: Profiling and Benchmarking](docs/performance/rails.md)
  - [Frontend](docs/performance/frontend.md)

- Multitenancy

  - [Move data from separate DB into Schema](docs/multitenancy/db-to-schema-move.md)
  - [Apartment gem and streaming downloads](docs/multitenancy/apartment-and-streaming.md)

- Book summaries

  - [High Performance Browser Networking](docs/books/high-performance-browser-networking.md)
  - [How Linux Works](docs/books/how-linux-works.md)
  - [Rails Performance Apocrypha](docs/books/rails-performance-apocrypha.md)

- Coursera

  - [Understanding Financial Markets](docs/coursera/understanding-financial-markets.md)

- Stuff from casts

  - [System Design](docs/cast_notes/system_design.md)
  - [SEO](docs/cast_notes/seo.md)
